When you go to the pantry to make coffee
Did you meet anyone?
I met Secretary Tanari
Did he tell you
He was clutching a stack of papers.
See me let me get it for him
That is to say, when you help him get the documents
Coffee confiscation
Yes!
That's the problem.
You go and call Tian Li
Let him come to see me immediately
It's not time to get off work yet.
Where are you packing up?
Zhang Zongye Vice President
What are you doing here?
Why don't you welcome us?
Not really. No, actually.
Just don't have it.
By the way, Secretary Tian
You haven't answered where I'm going to pack up.
Mr. Zhang, I'm suddenly a little uncomfortable
I want to take leave to go to the hospital.
Uncomfortable, right?
Here, let me give you some stitches.
Are you comfortable?
Secretary Tian, my coffee has just been poisoned
Do you know who did?
I don't know.
Almost got poisoned
Are you sure you don't know who it is?
Mr. Zhang, I have been deceived
I didn't know it was so toxic
Who cheated you?
Who ordered you to poison me, Secretary Chen?
Secretary Chen